docs(ecosystem): add fastify-aws-timestream and fastify-aws-sns (#4230)
fastify/fastify: docs/Guides/Ecosystem.md

  directory.
- [`fastify-axios`](https://github.com/davidedantonio/fastify-axios) Plugin to
  send HTTP requests via [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios).

> - [fastify-aws-timestream](https://github.com/gzileni/fastify-aws-timestream)
>   Fastify plugins to managing databases, tables and querying and creating
>   scheduled queries with AWS Timestream
> - [fastify-aws-sns](https://github.com/gzileni/fastify-aws-sns) Fastify plugin
>   to AWS Simple Notification Service (AWS SNS) to coordinates and manages
>   the delivery or sending of messages to subscribing endpoints or clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [fastify-aws-timestream](https://github.com/gzileni/fastify-aws-timestream)
  Fastify plugin for managing databases, tables, and querying and creating
  scheduled queries with AWS Timestream.
- [fastify-aws-sns](https://github.com/gzileni/fastify-aws-sns) Fastify plugin
  for AWS Simple Notification Service (AWS SNS) that coordinates and manages
  the delivery or sending of messages to subscribing endpoints or clients.
```

Reviewer 2: Is that the bloody famous oxford comma, Sir Frazer Smith?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5059100/187688596-364fa8fe-52f5-4b01-84ef-c9c877279f23.png)

Reviewer: > Is that the bloody famous oxford comma, Sir Frazer Smith? ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5059100/187688596-364fa8fe-52f5-4b01-84ef-c9c877279f23.png)

Yeah boi 😄

Author: I fixed all the bugs. Thanx
